# MedFinder

Application URL: [https://medfinder.harmonia.com](https://medfinder.harmonia.com)

Source Code (Master branch): [https://github.com/HarmoniaHoldings/medfinder](https://github.com/HarmoniaHoldings/medfinder) 

See [U.S. Digital Services Playbook evidence](U.S._Digital_Services_Playbook/U.S.%20Digital%20Services%20Playbook%20Evidence.md)

***

Harmonia developed [MedFinder](https://medfinder.harmonia.com), an application that enables consumers and medical professionals to search for drug-related information.

[Project Team](documentation/Project_Team/Project%20Team.md) describes our multidisciplinary/collaborative team, assigned leader, and labor categories.

Harmonia uses a Scrum-based Agile process. For a detailed description of our standard process, see [Harmonia's Agile Process](documentation/Agile_Process). For this project, the team developed an initial [Use Cases & Requirements](documentation/Use_Cases_and_Requirements) document, reviewed it with the product owner to get feedback, updated the requirements, and then produced user stories from them. These user stories fed into the two sprints during which the application was developed. Each sprint was 1.5 days in length. The team size varied between sprints based on project needs. Each sprint involved a planning meeting where stories were selected and approved by the product owner, review meeting where the stories were demonstrated to the product owner to get approval for marking the stories as complete, and retrospective meeting where the team reflected on how the sprint went. Feedback during the first sprint review fed into stories for the second sprint. Meeting minutes from all meetings are available in [Meeting Minutes](documentation/Meeting_Minutes). Stories with story point estimates are available for each sprint are available in [User Stories](documentation/User_Stories). 

Harmonia is appraised at CMMI Maturity Level 3 for our Agile processes. As such, we have a process for Configuration Management (CM) that all projects follow. It defines CM practices for both documents and source code. Critical project documents, such as Use Cases & Requirements or Component Architecture, are subject to a review and approval process before they are baselined. For this project, we produced a Use Cases & Requirements document, which is a document subject to CM. The document went through several iterations as we refined the requirements based on feedback from the Product Owner. Each iteration was reviewed by our technical writer and approved by the Product Owner. The details of the changes along with the review and approval were recorded in the Document History table. For source code, we typically use Git as our version control system in combination with Review Board for pre-commit code review and approval. For the purposes of this project, we specifically used GitHub so that the code would be publically available, as specified by the project requirements. Due to required use of an external Git system, we were unable to utilize our code review process on this project. We use the Gitflow workflow to facilitate baseline releases of the source code. Code releases were made at the end of each sprint. Several other releases were also made to facilitate a name change and updates to supporting documentation.

The application has both a server and a web client using open source technologies (numbered below). The server application is written in Java. It uses the *(1)* Hibernate implementation of Java Persistence API (JPA) for management and persistence of data and the *(2)* RestEasy implementation of Java API for RESTful Web Services (JAX-RS) for the REST web service end points used by the web client. The REST service makes requests against the OpenFDA API using HttpClient from the *(3)* Apache HttpComponents library. It also makes use of several utilities from the *(4)* Apache Commons libraries. *(5)* Apache Maven is used as the build tool. As part of the Maven build, the client code is processed using *(6)* Grunt to run *(7)* Less, a CSS pre-processor, to produce the CSS stylesheet and *(8)* JS Beautifier to format the JavaScript code. Maven packages up all dependencies and produces a deployable WAR file. The web client uses *(9)* Bootstrap for the user interface library. It uses *(10)* jQuery to perform AJAX requests to the REST interface. The styling of the user interface is performed using CSS. Both the client and the server use *(11)* OWASP Enterprise Security API (ESAPI) library for parameter encoding to protect against injection attacks. The application is deployed on *(12)* Wildfly and uses a *(13)* MySQL database. All technologies are available under Open Source licenses. See [MedFinder Technologies](documentation/Technologies/MedFinder%20Technologies.md) for license details.

The application is built using Jenkins as the Continuous Integration (CI) system. It runs the model and business logic unit tests and performs static code analysis. We use continuous deployment to a Docker container on an [Amazon Web Service (AWS) Platform as a Service instance](documentation/Continuous_Integration_and_Deployment/MedFinder%20AWS%20Instance.pdf). See [details about CI and deployment](documentation/Continuous_Integration_and_Deployment/README%20-%20Continuous%20Integration%20and%20Deployment.md). The system is continuously monitored using McAfee Vulnerability Manager. See [scan results and interpretations] (documentation/Continuous_Monitoring/README%20-%20Continuous%20Monitoring.md).

Installation instructions are available at [MedFinder Installation Procedure](documentation/Continuous_Integration_and_Deployment/MedFinder%20Installation%20Procedure.md).
